Everything I know
about Kingdom Hall maintenance,
I learned from Brother Ho-jin Kang.
He encouraged me when I needed a little push,
taught me the right way to do things,
and continued to teach me
with kindness and love.
So when he asked to borrow a ladder,
I was happy to lend him mine.
Honey,
here are some things I need
for our lunch today with the Youngs.
Mhm.
What’s the ladder for?
Ah, Ho-jin needs it.
Ho-jin?
How’s he doing?
I heard something about a cane.
Ho-jin?
A cane?
No way!
He’s still as strong as an ox.
Maybe, but it seems like—
Well, you’ll see how he’s doing.
And don’t forget to stop at the store.
Ho-jin?
A cane?
No way.
I’m coming!
Here I come!
Oh, sorry.
It’s OK.
Is everything OK?
I just can’t dash down the stairs.
I was on my way to the store
and thought I’d drop off the ladder.
Thanks!
Just leave it by the garage.
It’s almost time for lunch.
The gutters can wait.
They’ve waited this long.
OK. Will do.
Bye.
Drive safe!
Gutters?
Hi, Honey.
OK.
But what about lunch?
The Youngs will be here in an hour.
I know.
I picked up the items you asked for,
but I can’t just leave.
It got me thinking
about the neighborly Samaritan.
When we see a need,
we can’t be like the priest and Levite
who just walked away.
The Samaritan cared enough to stop,
examine the need,
and took the time to help the poor man
—a man he didn’t even know.
. . . a man he didn’t even know.
Of course!
“Work what is good toward all,
but especially toward those
related to us in the faith.”
I love you.
And I have an idea.
Let’s not cancel with the Youngs.
I’ll go back and pick up my ladder
and tell Ho-jin
that I’ll come back Saturday afternoon
to help him clean out the gutters.
It’s such a blessing
to be able to care
for the needs of our brothers
and feel their loving care for us.